Today we are in Abyss. And I'm not going
to lie, this by far has to be one of the
best underwater fishing exploration
games I've ever played. There's so much
content in this game, I literally could
not cover even a fraction of what there
is in the game. This game is releasing
for a stress test on the 30th. The
game's Discord and game link will be in
description down below if you want to
hop in. But this game is basically a
spear fishing game where you're on an
oxygen tank pretty much and you go
around and explore the game and it's
very beautiful and very large. There's
fish that like attack you. There's
sharks and monsters along with mini
bosses that I didn't get to experience
because there's too much content. I I
honestly like was enjoying the game a
little too much. And one of the crazy
things is some of the team members from
the forge are also working on this game.
So, you already know they dropping peak
after peak, man. But let's waste no
time. Let's hop in and let me know what
you guys think about this game in the
comments down below. And if you guys
want me to hop back in, but besides
that, let's hop in. All right, let's hop
in a man. Oh, they got a cut scene.
Poofed. Poofed. We had a little
little fishy in there. Ugly fish. Bloop.
Did you catch anything?
Oh, yeah. He's getting everything, huh?
This dude's catching all of it. Lucky
day for me. Caught a bunch of tank fish.
Oh, this dude got Oh, okay. You guys
caught that luck. I've got a shark
already. Okay. Okay. We got to lock in,
bro. We're washed.
Oh. Oh, we got some.
What is this? Oh, we got a Kraken. All
right, it's snatch. Okay, of course it's
snatching this up, man.
Whoa, this is beautiful. Yo, hold on.
Whole ass intro cut scene for a game.
I'm getting snatched to the bottom.
Holy. What is this? Am I waking up? I'm
waking up. The Kraken. The Kraken. Easy
now. You're not dead yet. You came here
for a reason. The abyss chose you.
You'll need equipment to survive down
here. Oh, he gave me a bottle gun. New
discovery. 10 damage. 2.8 8 second uh
cool down in a 0.4 range. We got a
bottle gun. Oh, we got a wooden tube,
too. We got 40 oxygen. I think that is 5
kg weight and 15 m that we can go up and
down. Take this gun and tube. One
catches fish. The other keeps you
breathing. Catch three fish. Show me
you're not just bait. Okay. Dang. All
right. All right. It was going to kill
me if I don't. Yo, first off, that was
beautiful. I'm actually impressed
already. Oh, look. We got fire attack
right there. The the other dev for this
game. And I think this is a designer or
something. I don't know who this is. I
don't know. I'm not too familiar. But
this this is beautiful. This map is
beautiful. So, we got leave the oxygen
zone to start catching your first
fishes. Follow the beam. I want to check
out the map, but let's just let's let's
go ahead and uh head out the the bubble.
You know, you can see the bubble right
here. Okay, they took my hat off. Yo,
I'm looking crazy. You're underwater.
Your oxygen goes down slowly. Be
careful. If it hits zero oxygen level,
you drown and lose some of your catch.
Oh, okay. So, we got to watch our
oxygen. Um, wait. This menu shows your
weight when you catch fish. Be careful
about how much you carry. It might slow
you down if you carry too much weight.
Whoa. Your tools, harpoons, and fishes
are visible in this menu. You can see by
opening your backpack. Nice. Nice. Click
to equip. So, you're ready to catch some
fish now. Catch fishes by basically
shooting them with your harpoon. So, I
can shoot this guy right here. Woo! Oh,
I don't reach him. Hold on. I got to get
a little bit closer. Boom. Oh. Keep your
balance. Uh, hold tap and push your bar
up and release to push down. Okay. Okay.
What was going on? I didn't even get to
read. Congrats, you caught your first
fish. Now catch two more. Wait, we got
to see that mini game one more time. I
got to get a little bit closer. Come
here. Come here. Okay, they go slow
enough. This one's glowing. Look at
this. His money. He has like money
effects on him. Oh, we got to do damage
to him. Okay. Okay. Okay. Before we can
catch him. All right, that makes sense.
Why is the chat right there? Yo, look at
us, man. Oh my god. Wait, first of all,
this looks nice. Can we go up and down?
How do we go up and down? Let's catch
two more. Let's catch two more. Come
here. I want this one. We got to do some
damage, though. We got to do some
damage, though. This one has a lot of
HP, huh? It's gold. It's probably going
to sell for a lot. Oh my god. It's
getting fat. It's getting fat. It's It's
puffing up. There we go. We got it. So,
it's like a Okay, so it's like a up and
down mini game. Similar to fish. Okay,
similar to fish. Um, it tells us the
fish, the rarity, and everything.
Progression. Okay, pretty simple. Oh, my
oxygen oxygen's low. Oxygen level. We
got to go back. We got a golden puffer
fish, though. How do we go up? Left
shift boost. E is up and Q is down. We
can see at the bottom right. Oh my god,
we're about to die. Woo! We got to watch
our oxygen, man. We got a big old puffer
fish. Holy, look at this thing. It's
going to sell for a lot. Let's go back.
Let's catch one more fish and then let's
go back and let's sell. Is there
anything glowing like last time? No.
Let's catch Dory right here. Huh? We
going to catch Dory first. Hey yo, this
is looking beautiful as of right now. I
can't lie. I'm very impressed. We can
see the negative progression and
everything. The rarity. Let's catch this
one. Boom. We're done. Okay, we're You
can see the heavy uh Oh, we got some
exp. We can see the heavy um signal on
us saying that we carrying too much.
Nice work, your natural. Sell those fish
to the Kraken. Follow the beam. So, over
here to the Kraken. Need something,
little one. I'd like to sell all my
fish. How much money you going to give
me? Here's your $100 cash. Nice. Uh he
just bought in my mouth. What's going
on? as a reward for your hard work.
Here's an extra $125. Buy old oxygen
tube and a starter gun. Okay, so yeah,
our our our current one is literally
just combined trash. So, we got the
starter gun right here. Nice. We do 2.6
on the cool down, 15 on the damage, 0.5
on the control. It's looking cool.
Looking beautiful. Nice. So, we have
this one. And then we also want to buy
an oxygen tube. Where was the oxygen
tube? Was it here? Oh, it's across the
map. It's over there. Okay. I thought it
was telling us go back to the Kraken.
Look at this guy. We got Oh, we got a
storage. What? Need some space. Show me
a storage. Oh, so you can like store
your fish right here. That's sick. We
have uh Mr. Black over here. Oh, he Oh,
he's selling like potions and stuff. So,
we can buy a speed potion, basic oxygen
pod. I think that like gives us extra
oxygen whenever we're we're running low.
You look like the type who doesn't ask
too many questions. Good. Do you have
any job for me? Um, he has a quest, huh?
Hm. You're eager. That's dangerous. I
don't hand out jobs to guppies. You want
my trust? Grow some gills first. Okay, I
think he's telling us to level up first.
Come back when you're level five. All
right, I got you. We have ver Verilia
artifact. Oh my god. We can get an
artifact. Welcome diver. Do you carry
any geodess? Oh yeah, we can bring if we
have any geodess, we can bring it to
her, crack it open and have like we can
get like some enchants to enchant our
guns and stuff. So we can buy this old
tube right here. We get 60 ounces of
oxygen. Or is that is that ounces or
not? I don't know. 60. We get 60 oxygen.
Uh 10 kg weight and 25 m for the max
depth, which is way better. That's
beautiful. Nice. Nice. Of course, we
want to Oh, this is your inventory.
holds artifacts, guns, and tubes. Let's
go ahead and equip our uh our gun,
right? And then we want to equip our
tube also. Nice. Oh, we got daily
rewards. Okay, give my GIVE MY FREE
CASH. YEAH, I'll take that. Congrats.
You've successfully finished the
tutorial. Now, talk to the Kraken to get
new quest and start catching more fish
before it gets angry. Dang. So, if you
don't catch certain fish in like a
certain amount of time, does it like
actually get angry at you and like kill
you or something? Need something, little
one. Uh, do you have any quest for me? I
need a quest, man. So, you finally sank
to where you belong. Meet the ones below
before the deep shallows swallows you
hold. Speak to Henry, scientist, Mr.
Black Billy, Viera, David, and Richard.
Okay, I'll meet them. I was just
talking. I I was impatient. So, we we'll
go talk to him. We'll talk to Richard
over here. He's He's in He's in control
of the beer. What's he selling? A radar.
Nice. Detects nearby fishing. Allows you
to view the statistics. Let's talk to
him. Uh what's this? You need something,
diver? Um show me the beer, man. I want
to see the beast share. Oh, nice. We can
claim um shards. Star shards. What do
you use that for? So, we can see our
heaviest and everything. Basically, see
our little beast area of fish. There's a
couple of areas. Wow. That we can go to
and explore. Wow. Wow. Wow. So, we're
gonna I don't think we're going to buy
that now. We definitely don't have
enough money. Let's go talk to these
other guys over here. Yo, look at these
harpoons. These harpoons get like crazy
advanced. Um, we have the scientist. He
lets us teleport. Ah, a test subject. I
mean, visitor. I want to teleport. Man,
hold up. The teleporter is offline until
we finish repairing it. You're still
missing the required parts. Okay, so we
need to bring some uh four of them.
Toilet paper, toilet, a door, power
relays. I'll find them now. I got you,
my boy. Bring all four and I'll fix and
power the teleporter. I think it's going
to allow us to teleport to certain
areas. cuz we've already unlocked. Wait,
is that a chest I can open? You could
open treasure chest. I got a small
oxygen pod. Nice. Can I use it? Oh,
nice. I could I think it like stacks on
top of our oxygen. So, when we go out,
we can get some extra oxygen. So, we got
Billy over here. He lets us see our
storage, of course. And we can also
upgrade our storage. I saw that. We can
upgrade our storage right here. What's
storage for? Obviously, store your
backup. Your backpack fills up fast. Uh
storage holds extra fish you've caught.
Yeah, we got Mr. Black over here, which
didn't let us talk to him cuz uh we
already grabbed his quest, but we got to
be a certain level. And we can actually
buy stuff from He's like a black market
dealer kind of. You know what I mean? So
we could buy stuff from him. And then we
have Velia over here. Welcome diver. Do
you carry any geodess? Uh need me to do
anything. What do I need to do though?
Cracking a geode is harder than it
looks. Few have the hands for it. Crack
10 mossy geodess in the forgotten deep.
I'm all right. All right. I'm on it. I'm
on it. Thank you. I'll be waiting. We
got to talk to David, too, I think. Uh
you want something? Who are you? Okay.
No, we don't. Okay. I think that's
everybody. We talked to everybody. Oh,
look at this one. No. Look at this one.
Yo, the puffer fish tube. Yo, that's
sick. Look at that. We completed most of
these. Oh, we got to talk to Henry.
talked to Henry over here. What's up,
Henry? Howdy. Why is Why there's a crab?
Why there's a crab? He's been here with
me, but uh for the years, but I've never
understood him. Rumor has it that there
is a scroll underwater that allows you
to understand their language. If you
find it, come back to me. Oh, okay.
Okay. Okay. Can we talk to the crab?
Let's talk to the crab. Click, clack,
click. Yeah. Oh, no. We're not talking.
All right. We completed everything on
the right. We can see the crackers quest
is done. We can come back and claim all
this. I've completed your quest, man.
You meet them all. Good. Now you know
who drifts in my sea. Okay, this is
streets. Return soon. Your real test
begins soon. All right, let's talk to
him again. Need something, little one.
Uh, let me get let me get let me grab a
quest, man. We got to play the game.
We're doing a little too much
introduction. So, so you met everyone.
That means you're ready to dive now.
Fetch two tang, two blue fish, and one
clown fish. All right, I got you. All
right, let's head out. Let's head out
and start collecting, man. Let's see
where all this stuff is. I don't know if
how to find the toilet paper and stuff
or if we have to like really dig deep. I
think there's that little submarine over
there. We should go over there, huh?
Hopefully, we have the oxygen for that.
We don't die. Oh, we could Oh, we can
see what fish we need. kind of like
they're um they're uh they have the red
target on them. Nice. Nice. Oh, too
strong. Upgrade your gear. Okay. Wo.
Okay. I guess we need better. What about
this one? Oh, we can we can do this one.
We can do this one. Yeah, we're doing a
lot of damage though. No. What? What you
doing? What you doing? You going to
attack me? Is he actually What the
freak? He actually is going to attack
me. What the hell? No. Wait. Oh, I think
he takes away my oxygen. Oh my god. I
think he hits you and takes your oxygen.
Okay, I just lost that immediately. Come
here. Come here. Come here. Come here. I
can't see my cursor. That's why I was a
little thrown off. We're going to catch
this guy and go back for some more
oxygen. Holy. He almost cooked us.
That's crazy. the fish actually. Oh my
god, I'm losing oxygen. We got to We got
to go fast. Hurry up and catch this.
Okay, we got it. We got to go back. We
got low oxygen. We got oxygen. Oh my
gosh. Chill. Chill. We can make it. We
can make it. We can make it. We can make
it. We can make it. I believe we can't
go up. We can't go up. We can't go up.
We're dead. Oh my god. We actually died.
We were right there, too. Respawn at
base and lose 50% of your fish and 5% of
your cash. Dang. That's actually crazy,
bro. Holy. I lost 30 cash. I did not
know they fought back. That's actually
insane. We got it, though. That's crazy.
They they real life fight back. That is
insane. Wait, there's an area over there
we can explore. Look at this one. It's
glowing like crazy. I want this one. I
want to catch this one. It's a abyssal
blue tang. So, it has abyssal mutation,
I think. Yeah, we got that one. Nice. We
don't have too much oxygen, though. So,
we got to gather up some cash. We got to
g gather up some cash and get some more
oxygen so we can actually explore these
other areas. Man, I'm actually so
surprised that Dead Series fought back.
So, we do need a couple of the a couple
of these guys. So, I'm going to fight
them anyways. Try to get these for a
quest. He better not come running at me.
Relax, man. I don't want no smoke. Oh,
we got it. Oh, no. Yep. Oh. Oh, we need
some Tang. Yeah, we need some Tang.
Anyways, we got some Tang. Nice. We got
some Tang. I don't know what I think I
don't know if this is like if we need it
or if it if it's an indication that this
one fight backs. Fight backs. Fights
back. So, maybe the ones with like a red
mark on top of their head are the ones
that fight back. So, we got to be
careful. That's That's probably what it
is. That makes a lot more sense. I wish
we could track certain fish for quest,
though. That would be cool if they added
that. I don't know if that's What is
this? What? Let me see what this is. Is
this a clown fish? This a lion fish. We
don't need this for any quest. We got to
go back there. We're about to Yeah,
we're about to die. Holy. Get our oxygen
back, man. So, we need a clown fish. I
think this is a clown fish right here.
Yeah, this is clown fish right here.
Let's catch that. Oh, we perfect caught
that. Nice. Oh, this one has like some
type of mutation on it. Has moss on it.
Yeah, I saw. Catch a blue tang. We just
need one more tang, which is the yellow
ones. Oh, we can get a little boost,
too. Oh, if you press shift. That's
cool. Let's catch one more tank. Oh, I
did not. Did I just murder it? Oh my
gosh. I didn't even catch it. I just
murdered it, bro. Oh my gosh. Too heavy.
Upgrade your gear. Oh my god. If your
gear is too heavy, you just straight up
killed them. You just straight up killed
them. That's so messed up. All right,
let's come back and let's uh let's sell
some of these. I don't think I don't
think for the quest we have to like turn
in the fish. We just have to catch them.
So, let me let me try selling all my
fish. And yeah, all we do we only have
to catch them. We got 300 cash. Oh my
god, that's a huge one. Look at that
thing. Oh my gosh, that is a gigantic
one. So, let's catch this guy right
here. Let's catch this one, too, cuz we
need this one, too. I think we need one
more of this. We need one more tank. So,
let's catch one more tank. Boom. Done. I
think we're done with the quest. Yes.
So, now we can go to the Kraken and turn
in his quest. Uh need something little
one. Uh, I want to turn this quest.
Good. So, you caught them all, but don't
be happy yet. Come back soon. This is
just the beginning. Okay. Okay. All
right. I got you. Uh, let's come back.
Escar a quest. Need something, little
one. Uh, do you have any quests for me,
man? I need a quest, man. Show me you're
not just another rookie ready to drown.
Catch three clown fish, one puffer fish,
and buy beginner's gun. Okay, so this is
kind of like a way to follow through the
tutorial. Okay, so we need a beginner's
gun. Where's the beginner's gun?
Beginner's gun. Beginner's gun.
Beginner's gun is right here. It's 300
cash. Oo, this is a lot better. 2.4 cool
down, 20 damage, and 0.6 control. Let's
buy that. We got a new discovery.
Beautiful. Let's open up our backpack
and let's equip our beginner's gun. We
probably need a better oxygen tank. I'm
not going to lie, cuz we really can't go
too far. So, we need we bought the We
bought this one. Old tube. So, we can
probably buy the normal tube or we can
save up for the Yeah. No, we can't save
up for that one. That's too much. Oh,
there's another one back here though.
1,500 for the fire tube. Okay, we'll
just slowly save up up and up. Let's get
the normal tube for now. Let's give us
90 oxygen. Nice. That's beautiful.
That's way more than we had. So, let's
equip this normal tube. But, let me know
what you guys thinking about the game as
of right now. I'm really excited. I'm
I'm having fun right now. All right. I'm
having fun. Let me know what you guys
think about this game. Of course, join
the game. Actually, let's see. Can we
fight that one down there? We have
enough oxygen to actually explore. That
thing is huge. There's a submarine over
there, too. I see an NPC. Let's try to
fight this guy. Actually, you know what?
Let's Oh, there's a chest right here. Oh
my god. Oh, it's coming at me. Okay.
Bet.
No. What's up? What's up? We can't even
fight it cuz it it has too much strength
or whatever, man. I don't have enough
defense. Let's open up this crate. Oh,
we got advanced oxygen pod. Nice. Wait,
let me let me see what that Let me see
what happens. Let's use it. What happens
if we use it? Oh, it gives us more
oxygen. Okay. Yeah, I was right. So,
like that's actually that's that that
can be like a way for you to really
explore. That's a shark. That's a shark.
That's a shark. That's a shark. Why is
it coming towards me? That could be like
a way for you to explore deeper by
carrying some more oxygen pods. Let's
talk to this dude, though. Oh, he's
selling like advanced um oxygen tubes.
40k. Someone who breathes air. Any
deliveries? All right, Rookie. Don't
drop it. Don't ask what's inside. Just
deliver. Okay, I got you. We got to
deliver this. Simple job. Carry this 5
kg box to Henry. Okay, I got it. Thank
you. All right, let's take this to
Henry. Let's take this to Henry. We got
a shift. We can use a little boost, but
I think it takes oxygen. Yeah. Yeah. If
we use a boost, it takes oxygen, but we
go a lot more faster. Yo, can we take it
into account how beautiful this is,
though? This is a beautiful map. Oh my
gosh. Round of applause to this team,
man. Achievement traveling castaway. It
look, bro, this map looks gigantic, too.
Like, it really looks like you can
explore. Like, really. Let's bring this
crate to Henry. Hopefully, this give us
a little bit of cash. Let's hold this
out. Let's hold this out. Here we go.
Uh, give crate. Thank you. Thank you.
Okay, you're welcome. What do we get?
Deliver crates to Henry completed. I
think we got to go back and talk to him.
Yeah, we got to go back and talk to the
diver. What is this right here? Oh, we
got rewards we can claim right here.
Nice. Okay. Oh, it helps towards our
progress. Nice. Nice. All right, let's
head back out. Let's uh honestly, let's
go for these um let's do a little bit of
exploring. Let's do a little bit of
exploring and let's go for these um
these crates right here. I lowkey really
want to open these cuz they give some
decent stuff. They also give oxygen. We
might get some secret stuff from [music]
it, too. So, let's open these up. We got
a small oxygen pod. I'll take that.
That's nice. That's cool. That's cool.
Let's make our way back towards him. And
on the way there, there's a couple of
chests where we can open. I I see the
one right there. So, let's head over
there. Let's boost. Boost. We got to be
careful, bro. We got to watch out for
that shark. There should be a little
safe zone right here. I'm so scared,
bro. Actually, I'm so terrified, bro.
They really attack you. I like I never
would have comprehended that. Okay, so
someone who breathes air. I've completed
your quest, man. Give me some money.
Henry, we got the crate. Perfect. You
didn't pick inside, right? Yeah, I
didn't, man. Give me my money. 75 cash
and five stars. Not bad. Not bad. Let's
see if we can reach this crate without
the shark getting us. I don't want no
smoke. All right. What we get? Small
oxygen pot. Okay, nice. All right. Yeah,
we're we're low on oxygen. We pro. We We
got to head back. We got to head back.
Oh gosh. We are not Wait, actually,
since we're Okay, I'm using this oxygen
pod. Holy Gosh. Yeah, I don't want to
lose my money, bro. I need to save my
money, bro. I'm going to lose a lot more
money since I have more money this time.
So, we got to play it safe. We don't
want to die here, right? All right,
let's head back out. Let's complete our
quest. We need to start getting better
oxygen tank cuz we are a little bit like
we're we're losing we're losing oxygen
really fast. We the oxygen pods are very
good, but they're definitely not going
to help us go, you know, further in and
come back safely unless we find more
oxygen pods and chests. But that's
that's a pretty cool mechanic, though.
I'm not going to lie. It really makes
you explore explore the game and explore
the map. I like that. It's pretty
creative. This whole game is creative in
my mind, bro. It's so crazy. I wanted a
spear fishing game so bad, bro. I'm so
happy someone actually just made one.
Okay, so we need a puffer fish. The
puffer fish are actually kind of hard.
Oh, we got a we got the glowing one
right here. Nice, nice, nice. This one's
going to give a lot of money. This one's
going to give a lot of money. So, let's
try to let's try to break his defense.
Oh, is this a perfish? No, it's not.
It's something else. Anyways, we'll take
it though cuz it's going to give us uh
it's uncommon golden salmon. So, we'll
catch this regardless. Negative 23
progression. Give me that. Give me that.
Give me that, boy. Nice. Okay, let's
catch a buffer fish and let's sell our
fish. I don't see a buff fish anywhere.
We might have to go like a little deeper
for those guys. I don't know. Let's go
back. Grab some oxygen. Let's head back
out. Oh, puff fish right there. I see
one. I see one. Yeah, he was hiding
right here. I see you. I see you right
here. I see you right here. Don't try to
puff up. Don't try to puff up. You want
the smoke? Come here. Oh my god, he's so
adorable. Look at his eyes. I feel bad
for murdering him. Oh, we just lost that
instantly. Oh my gosh, that was uh that
was that was rough. Look at this clown
fish glowing. Hold on. I'm going to try
to I'm going try to catch this. It's a
neon clown fish. Take that. Anyway, it's
probably going to give a lot of money.
We need to put Oh, put fish right below
us. Okay, nice. Let's catch this guy
right here. Okay, let's not lose. Oh my
god. If it if it goes up and down like
crazy. Holy. We can't even catch it.
That thing is fighting like crazy. Let's
see if we can get this one. Can we get
this one? That's crazy. That's crazy. I
did not expect them to be this hard.
Okay, let's go. Let's lock in. Okay,
we're losing oxygen. Okay, we're getting
attacked. Why are we getting attacked
while fishing? Can we chill? And we're
low on oxygen, too. Catch it. Catch it.
Catch it. Catch it. Catch it. Catch it.
Catch it. Come on. Hurry up before we
die. No. Oh my gosh, bro. That thing was
attacking me while I was fishing. What
the heck? Okay, let's come back. Oh my
god. We lost three fish and 38 cash.
Let's sell Let's sell our fish, though.
Let's sell all my fish. We have 800
cash. Let's see if we can buy a better
harpoon cuz that harpoon that harpoon
was not enough. We need 950 for the next
harpoon. Oh my god. 2.5 for that one.
This Oh, look at the cat. Look at the
kitty cat. All right, let's try to catch
uh a puffer fish. Man, we did have to go
a little bit deeper. Let's do a little
bit of exploring, too. These these damn
clown these damn fish are going to
attack us, man. Let's grab this uh
oxygen or not oxygen. This chest right
here. My god, look how big this map is.
Holy, dude, they really put in some
work. We got two small oxygen tanks.
Nice. There's so much to explore. Look
at that. What is that down there? Let's
go there. Let's go over there. We have
two oxygen pods. We can explore that.
Oh, wo. It became dark. We're in the
critical depth. Oh, we can only go so
low. No, we can't go that that deep. We
can't go that deep. We can't go that
deep. Oh my gosh. We can't go that deep.
Okay. I'm going to pop oxygen pod. Pop
oxygen pod. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We got to
be careful. We can't even go that deep
until we get better oxygen pods. I Damn.
I didn't even I didn't even like peep
that to be honest. Dang. So, we got to
be careful. Oh my gosh. Yo, holy.
There's no way we're going to be able to
explore this like everything in this
video. There's no way. It's too much too
much content. Oh, there's one right
here. There's one right here. We can go
to one right here. There's one closer.
What is this? It looks like we need some
type of some type of key. Yeah, we need
some type of key. And there's a chest in
there. Uh I need to put a key in here.
How do we get a key? Oh, even from a
chest. Like when we open the chest, we
probably get like a key that we can
unlock these. That's kind of Oh my god,
bro. There's so much in this game, bro.
I'm not even trying to glaze, but like,
holy, bro. Okay, we're already low on
oxygen. My gosh, man. Yeah, we we need
to stop. We got to We got to stay in
that area and just gather up some some
money and get some better gear, bro. Oh,
chest right here. Nice. Let's see if we
get a key. What we got? What we getting?
A heavy oxygen pod. Nice. Restores 250
oxygen instantly. Amazing. That's crazy,
bro. Okay, so yeah, let's stay in this
area. Let's just catch um whatever fish
we can and let's try to just gather some
money so we can get some better gear.
Oh, look at this. Wait, if we stay in
the area, we get a chest from fishing.
What? Oh, we got a mossy geode. Nice. We
got a mossy geode. Wait, let's go and uh
let's go crack that. Let's go crack
that. You can catch stuff from chest
while you're fishing. That's so crazy. I
didn't even Bro, that's Bro, I'm finding
out new things every second, bro. This
game is honestly so content packed.
Let's crack this geode, though. Let's
see what's in here. Do you care any
geode? Just I have a geode. Open this.
Let's crack this geode. Oh, it takes 1
minute and we can get uh I think it's a
clam poop. Um some ores and stuff like
that. Some money. Uh so let's uh let's
open this. It takes a minute. So let's
go ahead and wait it out. All right,
we're about to crack this geode open.
Let's see what we get. We got a banana.
Banana. Here are your rewards while you
were gone. Oh, it's kind of like a
little AFK thing. So if you collect a
bunch of artifacts or geodess, you can
put them all in here and it'll probably
take like an hour to uncrack like maybe
like a hundred or something. So then you
can come back after you're done and
collect them. That's cool. That's nice.
Okay, that's pretty cool. So, let's keep
collecting some fish to get a little bit
of money. Oh, we got a chest. Nice.
Okay, let's try to Let's try to grab
this one. Hold on. Can we get this? Can
we get this? We got it. Nice. Nice. It's
like a little challenge while you're
fishing. Holy. Oh, we got a monster
geio. Nice. Nice. Beautiful. Oh, we're
low on oxygen. Let's go back. All right,
let's head back and let us sell all our
fish and let's see how much money we can
get. Let's sell all my fish. How much
money we getting here? 234k. Nice. Let's
actually buy a radar. I want to buy a
radar. This radar is probably going to
come in handy. It lets us see the stats
of nearby. Oh, yeah. We can see their
health, what fish it is, I think, what
their mutation. Yeah, their mutation on
it. Oh, that's sick. Okay, that's pretty
cool. All right, let's buy a better
advanced gun, right? We got the advanced
gun now. So, let's equip the gun and
then now we should be able to talk to
the Mr. Black since we're level five
now. So, let's talk to Mr. Black. You
look like the type who doesn't ask too
many questions. Good. Uh, quest. I've
completed your quest. What quest did he
give us? Level five, huh? Means you
survive things most don't swim away
from. Nice. Okay, maybe you're not as
soft as you look. Uh, you're working for
me now. Come back when you're ready to
get your hands dirty. I'm ready, man.
Let's do it. Let's do it. He gave us
some decent stuff, too. Wow. Some cash,
some oxygen tanks. Uh, do you have any
jobs for me? Uh, mutated fish. That's
what I'm after. You want some mutated
fish? Okay. Okay. Okay. Start simple.
Coral and metal are enough to test you.
Catch me six coral mutated fish and
three metal mutated fish. I'll get them.
All right, I got you. Good. Don't waste
my time. All right, man. We got some
rewards right here we can claim. Also, I
think that helps towards our progress. I
don't know what that helps towards
exactly, but let's head out. We got some
stronger stuff. We should be able to
catch the puffer fish now. Oh, look at
that one. That was mutated. I don't even
know. What is that? That thing looks
evil or something, bro. Looks corrupted.
Let's catch it. It's a shadow blue tang.
Let's get that. Let's get that real
quick. Nice. Perfect. Catch that. We
need this puffer fish. Let's see if we
can catch this puffer fish now. Oh yeah,
we do a lot more damage. Can we catch
this now? Come on. Come on. Come on.
Come on. Yeah. A lot more easier. A lot
more easier. A lot more easier. So, now
we can finally finish the Krakens quest.
Nice, bro. So, we're finally done with
the Krakens quest. Oh, what is this?
Power relays. Collect. I thought I got a
power relay. What was that for? Might be
for a quest. I don't know. It was just
on the ground there. All right, let's uh
turn our quest here. I've completed your
quest. Not bad for a rookie. Return
soon. My hunger hasn't faded. Oh, he
gave us some small auction pods, five
star shards. Nice. Uh do you have any
quests for me? Let's get another one. If
you're ready, I'm giving you your first
real mission. Find a geode from a fish
and take it to Fela and to crack it.
Then bring me one salmon, three puffer
fish, and then buy a normal tube. I
think we completed most of those
already, right? Yeah, we got the normal
tube. We can crack a geode. Uh, find a
geod drop while catching a fish. Visit
Vir to crack your first geos to reveal
the artifact inside. Yeah. So, we we
already did that though. We're We're too
advanced, man. We're already adv Oh,
look. There's another one up here. Up
here. What is this? Do we have to give
it to him? It one of these things on top
he was looking for. I think now he put
it on top of there. No. Yeah. Found a
find a power relay. We did that. We got
to find a door, toilet, and find toilet
paper. Are these uh spread out
throughout the actual map over here?
Let's see. Let's check in here. Can we
go in here? Oh, there's a chest in here.
Nice. Wow. See, that's why you got to
explore. There's a duck in here. I'm
going to grab that advanced oxygen tank.
Nice. We got that duck. Let's actually
explore over here. I don't know. We
haven't explored much, have we? Some of
the materials we need might actually
just be here. Ooh, another chest right
here. Nice. What we get from this one?
Small oxygen pods. I'll take that. I'll
take that. Oh, we Yeah. Yeah. Right
here. There's a toilet right here.
Toilet right here. Toilet. We got a
toilet right here. Nice. Okay. What? I
didn't know they were going to be here.
We got to find a door now. And some
toilet paper. Wherever we could find
that. Oh, there's another rubber ducky
up here. What the heck? There's ducks
everywhere, huh? Oh, we got to find 13
ducks left. What are we What are we
looking for? What are we trying to
catch? Huh? Oh, toilet paper right here.
I see. Right under the table. Nice. We
got toilet paper right there. Now we
just have to find a door. Where could we
find a door? Where would a door just be
chilling? You know what I mean? It
shouldn't be that hard to find. Also,
it's a door. You know what I mean?
Oh. Oh my gosh. I did not know we can go
in there. Holy. That scared me, bro. I
thought we died. All right, we'll find
the last part later. I don't know where
this door could be. Holy. So, I mean, I
searched everywhere. But this video is
getting a little too long. I'm not going
to lie, bro. This is very timeconuming,
bro. This very fun. Let me know what you
guys think in the comments down below.
If you guys want, I will come back. This
game again is going to be uh releasing
for a stress test on the 30th. So, make
sure you guys stay tuned for that. All
the links for the game and all that will
be in description down below like before
I said. But besides that, y'all stay
safe, stay healthy, and I'll see y'all
in the next video.
[music]